‎‪Life can be hard
if we walk it alone, ‏
‎‪living
in these last days.‏
‎‪Jehovah knows
that we need friends ‏
‎‪to help us
along the way.‏
‎‪But where do we go? ‏
‎‪Where do we turn
to find those true companions?‏
‎‪Well, remember what
we learn in his Word.‏
‎‪True friends
Love you when you’re down,‏
‎‪Happy when you’re up,
Right by your side when trials come,‏
‎‪Speak up if you’re wrong,
Commend you when you’re right,‏
‎‪Keep you on track
in the race for life,‏
‎‪Help you keep
Jehovah first right to the end.‏
‎‪Yeah,
that’s a true friend.‏
‎‪A true friend
shows love at all times. ‏
‎‪That’s in His Word,
we know.‏
‎‪So if troubles appear,
don’t give in or fight. ‏
‎‪Say a prayer;
let it go.‏
‎‪Whether we’re older
or whether we’re young, ‏
‎‪we all
got to stick together,‏
‎‪And one day soon
we’ll be in Paradise.‏
‎‪True friends
Love you when you’re down,‏
‎‪Happy when you’re up,
Right by your side when trials come,‏
‎‪Speak up if you’re wrong,
Commend you when you’re right,‏
‎‪Keep you on track
in the race for life,‏
‎‪Help you keep Jehovah
first right to the end.‏
‎‪Yeah,
that’s a true friend.‏
‎‪Someone you trust,‏
‎‪Someone who cares
about you serving Jehovah,‏
‎‪A shoulder to lean on
and the right words to help you mend—‏
‎‪Yeah,
that’s a true friend.‏
‎‪True friends
Love you when you’re down,‏
‎‪Happy when you’re up,
Right by your side when trials come,‏
‎‪Speak up if you’re wrong,
Commend you when you’re right,‏
‎‪Keep you on track
in the race for life,‏
‎‪Help you keep Jehovah
first right to the end.‏
‎‪True friends
Love you when you’re down,‏
‎‪Happy when you’re up,
Right by your side when trials come,‏
‎‪Speak up if you’re wrong,
Commend you when you’re right,‏
‎‪Keep you on track
in the race for life,‏
‎‪Help you keep Jehovah
first right to the end.‏
‎‪Yeah,
that’s a true friend.‏
‎‪That’s a true friend.‏
‎‪Oh,
that’s a true friend.‏